[Page Shield] Update alerts (#9407)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/notifications/notification-available.md

</div>
</details>

## SSL/TLS

<details>
<summary>Access mTLS Certificate Expiration Alert</summary>
<div>

**Who is it for?**

Access customers that use client certificates for mutual TLS authentication.

**Other options / filters**

None.

**Included with**

[Access](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/access-integrations/mutual-tls-authentication/) and [Cloudflare for SaaS](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/security/certificate-management/enforce-mtls/).

**What should you do if you receive one?**

Upload a [renewed certificate](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/access-integrations/mutual-tls-authentication/#add-mtls-authentication-to-your-access-configuration).

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Advanced Certificate Alert</summary>
<div>

**Who is it for?**

Customers with [advanced certificates](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/) that want to be alerted on validation, issuance, renewal, and expiration of certificates.

**Other options / filters**

None.

**Included with**

When an advanced certificate is validated, issued, renewed, or expired.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> Action only needed if notification is about a certificate that failed to be issued. Refer to [SSL expired or SSL mismatch errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200170566#h_c1a6e78e-150d-4db6-89ab-eec7cb1ab03f) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action only needed if notification is about a certificate that failed to be issued. Refer to [SSL expired or SSL mismatch errors](/support/ssl-tls/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-ssl-errors/#ssl-expired-or-ssl-mismatch-errors) for more information.
```

Reviewer: The link redirects here. should we replace it?

Author: I'd say yes, even though I only changed the Page Shield part.
